README.md, before:

# Getting Started with eCommerce-Application

Welcome to our eCommerce application! This platform replicates real-world shopping experiences in a digital environment . It's a comprehensive online shopping portal that provides an interactive and seamless experience to users. This project created using tools such as [React](https://react.dev/) ,[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/), [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/), [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/), [StoryBook](https://storybook.js.org/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:5174](http://localhost:5174) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test:watch`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [tests](https://vitest.dev/) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run lint`

Launches the ESLint for a code quality check.\
See the section about [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for more information.

### `npm run lint:fix`

Launch ESLint autofix

### `npm run prettier`

Launches the Prettier for a code style check.\
See the section about [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) for more information.

### `npm run prettier:fix`

Launch Prettier autofix

### `npm run style`

Launches the Stylelint for a css files check.\
See the section about [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) for more information.

### `npm run style:fix`

Launch Stylelint autofix

### `npm run format`

Launch autofix of ESLint, Prettier & Stylelint

### `npm run cm`

Create commit with help of such tools as [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/), [Comitlint](https://commitlint.js.org/) & [Commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)

### `npm run storybook`

Open storybook.\
See the section about [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) for more information. \
Open [http://localhost:6007/](http://localhost:6007/) to view it in the browser.

### `npm run generate`

Create a component folder using [Plop](https://plopjs.com/documentation/)

## Run locally

For setting up and running the project locally follow instruction:\

- Fork repository with project to your github account,
- Clone repository to your IDE,
- Install all dependencies with `npm install`,
- Start project locally with `npm start`.

## Learn More

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

test: install v8 for test coverage, create one test & correct error

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with eCommerce-Application

Welcome to our eCommerce application! This platform replicates real-world shopping experiences in a digital environment . It's a comprehensive online shopping portal that provides an interactive and seamless experience to users. This project created using tools such as [React](https://react.dev/) ,[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/), [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/), [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/), [StoryBook](https://storybook.js.org/), [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:5174](http://localhost:5174) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test:watch`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [tests](https://vitest.dev/) for more information.

### `npm run coverage`
Launches the test runner to check file coverage with tests.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run lint`

Launches the ESLint for a code quality check.\
See the section about [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for more information.

### `npm run lint:fix`

Launch ESLint autofix

### `npm run prettier`

Launches the Prettier for a code style check.\
See the section about [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) for more information.

### `npm run prettier:fix`

Launch Prettier autofix

### `npm run style`

Launches the Stylelint for a css files check.\
See the section about [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) for more information.

### `npm run style:fix`

Launch Stylelint autofix

### `npm run format`

Launch autofix of ESLint, Prettier & Stylelint

### `npm run cm`

Create commit with help of such tools as [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/), [Comitlint](https://commitlint.js.org/) & [Commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)

### `npm run storybook`

Open storybook.\
See the section about [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) for more information. \
Open [http://localhost:6007/](http://localhost:6007/) to view it in the browser.

### `npm run generate`

Create a component folder using [Plop](https://plopjs.com/documentation/)

## Run locally

For setting up and running the project locally follow instruction:\

- Fork repository with project to your github account,
- Clone repository to your IDE,
- Install all dependencies with `npm install`,
- Start project locally with `npm start`.

## Learn More

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
